[Avro] Deprecate Avro API classes in "sdks/java/core" (#25534)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

## Deprecations

* X behavior is deprecated and will be removed in X versions ([#X](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/X)).

> * Avro classes are deprecated to use in module `beam-sdks-java-core` and will be eventually removed ([#24749](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/24749)).

Reviewer: Nitpick... maybe like below? Though not important
```suggestion
 * @deprecated Avro related classes are deprecated in module <code>beam-sdks-java-core</code> and
```
